Updated README.md (#35)
meshery/homebrew-tap: README.md

<div>&nbsp;</div>

## NOTE

> This tap is not used for publishing any packages. mesheryctl is now published in the official homebrew-core tap and can be directly installed with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tap is not used for releasing new versions of `mesheryctl` anymore. Latest releases of `mesheryctl` are now published in the official homebrew-core tap. It can now be directly installed with:
```
